c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\TestEquatMvc.dll
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\TestEquatMvc.pdb
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\obj\Debug\TestEquatMvc.dll
c:\users\andromeda\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\obj\Debug\TestEquatMvc.pdb
C:\Users\Andromeda\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\obj\Debug\TestEquatMvc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\TestEquatMvc.dll
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\TestEquatMvc.pdb
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\WebGrease.dll
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\obj\Debug\TestEquatMvc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\obj\Debug\TestEquatMvc.dll
I:\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\obj\Debug\TestEquatMvc.pdb
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\TestEquatMvc.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\TestEquatMvc.pdb
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\obj\Debug\TestEquatMvc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\obj\Debug\TestEquatMvc.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TestEquatMvc\TestEquatMvc\obj\Debug\TestEquatMvc.pdb
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\TestEquatMvc.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\TestEquatMvc.pdb
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\obj\Debug\TestEquatMvc.dll
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\obj\Debug\TestEquatMvc.pdb
C:\Users\rodki143\Documents\gittest\TestEquatMvc\obj\Debug\TestEquatMvc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
